Update Semgrep CI (#472)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/notifications.md

- `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME` is set to the repo name (for example, `returntocorp/semgrep`)
- `SEMGREP_REPO_URL` is set to the repository URL where your project is viewable online (for example, `https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep`)

> ### Enabling Semgrep APP to post comments on GitLab merge request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling Semgrep App to post comments on GitLab merge request
```

To enable MR comments:

1. Log into Semgrep's [Settings](https://semgrep.dev/manage/settings) to obtain your deployment ID and an API token.
2. Create an API token in GitLab by going to [Profile > Access Tokens](https://gitlab.com/-/profile/personal_access_tokens) and adding a token with `api` scope.
3. Copy the token created in the previous step.
4. Navigate to your repository's Settings > CI/CD, scroll down to 'Variables', and click 'Expand'. The URL of the page where you are ends with: /username/project/-/settings/ci_cd.
5. Click to **Add variable**, give the new variable the key `PAT` and use the token you copied in step 3 as the value. And then, select **mask variable** and **UNSELECT "protect variable"**.
6. Update your .gitlab-ci.yml file with variable `GITLAB_TOKEN` and value `$PAT`. See the example code below for details:

For example:
```yaml
semgrep:
  image: returntocorp/semgrep
  script:

>    # Semgrep CI retrieves the SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN environment variable using GitLab web user interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Semgrep retrieves the SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN environment variable if you set it on the GitLab web user interface
```

For example:
```yaml
semgrep:
  image: returntocorp/semgrep
  script:
    # SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN can be obtained from semgrep.dev/manage/settings.
    # The SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN should be treated like a secret and not hard-coded into your code.
    - semgrep-agent --publish-token $SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN TODO
  rules:
  # Scan changed files in MRs, block on new issues only (existing issues ignored)
  - if: $CI_MERGE_REQUEST_IID
  # Scan all files on default branch, block on any issues
  # - if: $CI_COMMIT_BRANCH == $CI_DEFAULT_BRANCH

  variables:

>     SEMGREP_AGENT_DEBUG: 1 TODO

Reviewer 2: This can (and probably should) be removed

Author: Ok, @brendongo so from the original at the time of review:

```yaml
semgrep:
  image: returntocorp/semgrep
  script:
    # SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN can be obtained from semgrep.dev/manage/settings.
    # The SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN should be treated like a secret and not hard-coded into your code.
    - semgrep-agent --publish-token $SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN TODO
  rules:
  # Scan changed files in MRs, block on new issues only (existing issues ignored)
  - if: $CI_MERGE_REQUEST_IID
  # Scan all files on default branch, block on any issues
  # - if: $CI_COMMIT_BRANCH == $CI_DEFAULT_BRANCH

  variables:
    SEMGREP_AGENT_DEBUG: 1 TODO
    # Gives Semgrep permission to post inline comments
    GITLAB_TOKEN: $PAT
```

We can make the following:

```yaml
semgrep:
  image: returntocorp/semgrep
  script:
    # SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN can be obtained from semgrep.dev/manage/settings.
    # The SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN should be treated like a secret and not hard-coded into your code.
    - semgrep-agent --publish-token $SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN TODO
  rules:
  # Scan changed files in MRs, block on new issues only (existing issues ignored)
  - if: $CI_MERGE_REQUEST_IID
  # Scan all files on default branch, block on any issues
  # - if: $CI_COMMIT_BRANCH == $CI_DEFAULT_BRANCH

  variables:
    GITLAB_TOKEN: $PAT
```

Author: (Removed FYI, just let me know if the snippet is correct now!) @brendongo

Reviewer: ```
    - semgrep-agent --publish-token $SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN
```
can be just
```
    - semgrep-agent
```
as long as a `SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN` env var has been set on the gitlab web UI

Reviewer 2: ```
semgrep:
  image: returntocorp/semgrep
  script:
   # semgrep ci will retrieve the SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN envvar set using gitlab web ui
    - semgrep ci
  rules:
  # Scan changed files in MRs, block on new issues only (existing issues ignored)
  - if: $CI_MERGE_REQUEST_IID
  # Scan all files on default branch, block on any issues
  # - if: $CI_COMMIT_BRANCH == $CI_DEFAULT_BRANCH

  variables:
    GITLAB_TOKEN: $PAT
```

Author: @brendongo done!

>     SEMGREP_AGENT_DEBUG: 1 TODO

Reviewer 2: This can (and probably should) be removed

Author: See comment above: https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-docs/pull/472#discussion_r840429811

  script:
    # SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN can be obtained from semgrep.dev/manage/settings.
    # The SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN should be treated like a secret and not hard-coded into your code.

>     - semgrep-agent --publish-token $SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN TODO

Author: How will the token look like now? - `semgrep ci --publish-token $SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN`?

@brendongo @underyx

Reviewer: We removed this flag! Now it's enough to have the `SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN` environment variable set and it will automatically be picked up. In fact, that was the case even with `semgrep-agent`.

Author: Updated. TODO note for myself - test the procedure given in this section.

Author: Procedure tested. Seems to work. Additional questions will be left for another comment for the sake of clarity after updates. Resolving comment.
